	Call for Participation
The 21st Australasian Document Computing Symposium (ADCS 2016)
Monash University, Melbourne, Australia
http://adcs-conference.org/2016/
6-7 December 2016

ADCS 2016 is an opportunity for researchers and practitioners in document
management and information retrieval (IR) to meet and present their work. The
symposium aims to cover all aspects of Document Computing - issues ranging from
the fundamentals of document architectures and standards for markup, through
storage, management, retrieval, authentication and workflow, to active and
virtual documents. The symposium emphasises both commercial and academic issues
by encouraging a variety of submissions.

ADCS is co-located with Australasian Workshop for Language Technology (ALTA
2016). This year we have Nick Craswell (Microsoft) and Manuel Cebrian (CSIRO
Data61 & MIT Media Lab) as keynotes. A detailed programme will be made
available soon. List of accepted long and short papers can be found below.

Accepted papers

-   Andrew Trotman and Jimmy Lin. In Vacuo and In Situ Evaluation of SIMD Codecs
-   Benoit Potvin, Roger Villemaire and Ngoc-Tan Le. A Position-Based Method for the Extraction of Financial Information in PDF Documents
-   Shane Culpepper, Charles Clarke and Jimmy Lin. Dynamic Cutoff Prediction in Multi-Stage Retrieval Systems
-   Jimmy Jimmy, Guido Zuccon and Bevan Koopman. Boosting Titles does not Improve Retrieval Effectiveness
-   Wern Han Lim, Mark Carman and Sze-Meng Wong. Estimating Domain-Specific User Expertise for Answer Retrieval in Community Question-Answering Platforms
-   Tadele Damessie, Falk Scholer and Shane Culpepper. The Influence of Topic Difficulty, Relevance Level, and Document Ordering on Relevance Judging
-   Dinesha Chathurani Nanayakkara Wasam Uluwitige, Shlomo Geva, Guido Zuccon, Vinod Chandran and Timothy Chappell. Effective User Relevance Feedback for Imag e Retrieval with Imag e Signatures
-   Sunghwan Mac Kim, Stephen Wan and Cecile Paris. Occupational Representativeness in Twitter
-   Alistair Moffat. Judgment Pool Effects Caused by Query Variations
-   Vincent Au, Paul Thomas and Gaya K. Jayasinghe. Query-Biased Summaries for Tabular Data
-   Laurence Park. Uncertainty in Rank-Biased Precision
-   Sheng Wang, Zhifeng Bao, Shane Culpepper, Timos Sellis, Mark Sanderson and Munkh-Erdene Yadamjav. Interactive Trip Planning Using Activity Trajectories
-   Gaya K. Jayasinghe, Sarvnaz Karimi and Melanie Ayre. Evaluation of Retrieval Algorithms for Expertise Search
-   Evi Yulianti, Ruey-Cheng Chen, Falk Scholer and Mark Sanderson. Using Semantic and Context Features for Answer Summary Extraction

Poster presentations
- Jaewon Kim, Paul Thomas, Ramesh Sankaranarayana, Tom Gedeon and Hwan-Jin Yoon. Understanding Mobile Web Search Behaviour
- Ameer Albahem. Dynamic Diversification in Information Retrieval
- Riyad Alrihieli. Privacy Settings on Social Networks
- Shiwei Zhang and Xiuzhen Zhang. Factors Affecting the Informativeness of Disaster Tweets
- Laurianne Sitbon. Designing new information access technologies with People with Intellectual Disability
- Xiaolu Lu, Alistair Moffat and Shane Culpepper. Estimating Deep Metric Scores Using Shallow Judgment Pools

Registration

Registration is now open: http://adcs-conference.org/2016/attending.html
Deadline for registration is Friday 2nd of December 2016 (11:59pm, Sydney/Melbourne time).

